DB Console changes under cluster virtualization for 24.1 (#18593)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.1/work-with-virtual-clusters.md

When connected to a virtual cluster from the DB Console:

> - Most pages and views are scoped to a virtual cluster. The DB Console displays only metrics about that virtual cluster, and excludes metrics for other virtual clusters and the system virtual cluster.

Reviewer: Thanks for fixing the bullet mistake. Is there any reason this needs to be slightly different from in the overview?

Author: @mdlinville can you clarify what's different from overview and I can get the text in sync?

Reviewer: Lines 82-3 of cluster-virtualization-overview.md nearly but not 💯 duplicate lines 117 and 118. I'm wondering if we can bring them more in sync.

> - Most pages and views are scoped to a virtual cluster. The DB Console displays only metrics about that virtual cluster, and excludes metrics for other virtual clusters and the system virtual cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Metrics which measure SQL and related activity show data scoped to the virtual cluster. All other metrics are collected system-wide and display the same data on all virtual clusters including the system virtual cluster.
```

Author: I made the two sections identical.

Author: Actually, because the heading here is `### Work with metrics with cluster virtualization enabled` I edited to **only** address the bullet point re: metrics in DB Console and not other DB console things since they did not seem to belong.

> - DB Console pages related to SQL activity and jobs are visible only from a virtual cluster.

Reviewer: Is this still true?

Author: I added a bit to clarify this. I think what this bullet is trying to imply is that you can't see the virtual cluster stuff from the system cluster (whereas with metrics, the system cluster **can** see different tenant metrics)

Author: Yes. The spirit of this statement is that this info is **not** visible in the system cluster (while virtual cluster metrics **are** visible in the system cluster)
